CTF Framework 0.1 README


1. Introduction
	Hello. You are about to use my ctf-framework. Here I'll try to publish all the information about ideas behind this system,
	about setting it up, about security etc. 

	Please check TODOLIST in this repository if you want to help us. Remember!
	Turn all your tab identations into spaces before commiting. Thanks!

2. Ideas
	The main concept of this framework is to allow people import their tasks as easy as possible.
    So framework is based on sqlite and file reading. A lot of information about framework is stored in the description file in 
    the same folder with task files. It helps to automaticly generate content for the site.

    To provide this fakish ease administrator of the server must do tons of things accurately not to miss a figure, because tasks
    and frontend server written on python must be devided into two different web-servers to protect frontend of being attacked
    from the tasks enviroment. 

3. Functionality
    In current version we have several core modules providing main part of functionality:
        * main.py - Here is realized main part of functionality. You should run this file to start web server.
        * /tasks/ - the folder where tasks are stored.
        * snippets.py - Flexible realization of Flask-templates.
        * config.py - Safe configuration module. You can push this to the github and nothing happens to you :)
        * loader.py - loader of the cache and tasks folder.
        * hints.py - the module with hints.
        * /logs/ - folder where logs are stored.
        * score.db - sqlite db file where is stored information about solved tasks.
        * secretConfig.py - here are stored secrets for admininstration panel and session management. 
            PLEASE 
            CHANGE SECRETS EVERYTIME WHEN YOU START A NEW CTF.
    
    After you run the server you can find few pages here: landing page, task board and scoreboard.
    Administation panel is "hidden" on the /admin url.


4. Realeazation 
    The frontend server is realized on python2 via Flask. As I already said administrator has to do a lot correctly,
    to make whole CTF system run properly without bugs. He has to run web server (like apache) on the machine with the same
    address with some specific settings and with any modules he wants.

    #TODO FINISH README FILE
    

